Update message deletion info (#76)
xmtp/example-chat-react: README.md

![x-red-sm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/510695/163488403-1fb37e86-c673-4b48-954e-8460ae4d4b05.png)

**Example chat application demonstrating the core concepts and capabilities of the XMTP client SDK**

This application is built with React, [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), and the [`xmtp-js` client SDK](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-js).

> Use the application to send and receive messages using the XMTP `dev` network environment, with some [important considerations](#considerations). You are also free to customize and deploy the application.

Author: Added the "customize and deploy" language from the documentation. Appropriate?

> [`Web3Modal`](https://github.com/Web3Modal/web3modal) is used to inject a Metamask, Coinbase Wallet, or WalletConnect provider through [`ethers`](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/). Methods for connecting and disconnecting are included in **WalletContext** alongside the provider, signer, wallet address, and ENS utilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Web3Modal`](https://github.com/Web3Modal/web3modal) is used to inject a Metamask, Coinbase Wallet, or WalletConnect provider through [`ethers`](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/). Methods for connecting and disconnecting are included in **WalletProvider** alongside the provider, signer, wallet address, and ENS utilities.
```

To use the application's chat functionality, the connected wallet must provide two signatures:

1. A one-time signature that is used to generate the wallet's private XMTP identity
2. A signature that is used on application start-up to initialize the XMTP client with that identity

### Chat Conversations

> The application uses the `xmtp-js` [Conversations](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-js#conversations) abstraction to list the available conversations for a connected wallet and to listen for or create new conversations. For each conversation, the application gets existing messages and listens for or creates new messages. Conversations and messages are kept in a lightweight store and made available through **XmtpContext** alongside the client and its methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application uses the `xmtp-js` [Conversations](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-js#conversations) abstraction to list the available conversations for a connected wallet and to listen for or create new conversations. For each conversation, the application gets existing messages and listens for or creates new messages. Conversations and messages are kept in a lightweight store and made available through **XmtpProvider**.
```

### Limitations

Here are important limitations to understand when working with the example chat application:

- The application hasn't undergone a formal security audit.
- The application sends and receives messages using the XMTP `dev` network environment.
     - **DO NOT** send sensitive information on the `dev` network.
     - XMTP does not regularly delete messages and keys from the `dev` network. However, because XMTP is still in active development, we might need to delete messages and keys occasionally to maintain network stability. XMTP communicates about deletions in the XMTP Discord community ([request access](https://xmtp.typeform.com/to/yojTJarb?utm_source=docs_home)), providing as much advance notice as possible.
- You can't yet send a message to a wallet address that hasn't used XMTP. The client displays an error when it looks up an address that doesn't have an identity broadcast on the XMTP network.

>    - This limitation will soon be communicated more clearly in the application UI.

Author: Is this already in place?
